ANSWERS
1.	Test coverage is a standard for measuring or evaluating the extent to which lines of code were executed during a particular test suite for a program. Test coverage measures how thorough your testing is while running a test suite.
Test coverage is important software testing because it helps to ascertain exactly how much of code is actually tested, it provides insight and focus to help developers improve their tests even before they start building a program. It helps keep testing up to the required standard. Without test coverage, it is difficult for us to determine the degree in which our test cases has gone in making sure a quality product is released.

2.	Testing types are the kinds of tests that can be performed on a software/program while testing techniques are the rules to apply while writing test cases in order to have a better test coverage. These are rules a QA personnel should follow when performing any of the testing types. 

3.	There are two types of testing which are functional and non-functional testing. 
Functional testing is a kind of testing that focuses on testing the functionality of a software. That is, checking what the software can actually do and how it works. In this kind of testing the QA engineer validates the software against the functional requirement/specifications of the software. We have various types of Functional test that can be performed on a software and they are;
(a)	Unit Testing: this is a type of functional testing where individual unit or component of a software application are tested unit by unit. The main aim of this test is to validate that each unit of the software is actually performing the task it was meant to perform. This test is usually performed by the software developers, in some cases it is performed by independent software testers. Before performing the unit testing, there are things you should put in place like; (i) unit test plan that is; a detailed document that describes the test strategy, objectives, schedule, estimation, deliverables and resources required to perform the testing. (ii) Unit Test Cases which involves the characteristics that are critical to the success of the unit. (iii) Unit test, here the unit test is done proper. Unit testing is beneficial cause it’s reliable; it increases confidence in changing and maintaining code, it is cost effective because each time a unit of code is changed, you will be able to detect any error introduced as a result of the change early enough and fix it, it’s easy to maintain code, debugging is easy, etc. 
(b)	Integration Testing: in this type of functional testing, individual units of code are combined and tested as a group. The main aim of this testing is to detect faults in the interaction between integrated units. Things to prepare before performing this test are; integration test plan, integration test scripts, and then perform the integration test. There are several approaches to integration testing; (i) Big Bang: this is an approach where all or most of the units are combined and tested at once. This approach can only be used if the testing team receives the entire software at the same time. (ii) Top-Down: this is an approach where top level unit are tested first and lower-level unit are tested step by step after. This approach is used when top-down development approach is followed (iii) Bottom-up: this approach is where bottom level unit are tested first and top-level unit are tested step by step after. This approach is used when bottom-up development approach is followed. (iv) Hybrid: this approach involves both the top-down and bottom-up approach.
(c)	System Testing: this kind of functional testing is a testing where a complete and integrated software application is tested. This kind of test is performed after the integration testing and before the acceptance testing. Things to prepare before performing this test are; system test plan, system test cases, and then perform the system test. There some analogies in system testing which are; during the development of a software, all its components are manufactured separately, each unit tested separately, when two or more software, all its components are manufactured and each unit tested separately, when two or more unit is ready, they are integrated in the integration testing phase and after integration, the system testing is performed. 
(d)	Interface Testing: this is a level of testing performed to check if two systems communicate accurately between each other. Interface testing is divided into three phases; (i) Configuration and development: once the system is configured and development starts, the configuration needs to be tested as per the requirement. (ii) Validation: when the development is completed, the interface needs to be validated and verified. (iii) Maintenance: when the whole software is completed, deployed and working, the interface needs to be monitored for its performance and any new issues due to the changes made or deteriorating performance. We perform Interface testing because it is required to check if the server execution is working well, to make sure that error handling is done properly and appropriate error messages are shown for queries made by the application, it is required to check when the connection to the server is reset, and to check the impact of network failure on the communication between the components.
(e)	Regression Testing: this kind of functional testing is where the testing team identify the stability of the software with the changing requirements. There are various techniques in regression testing which are as follows; (i) Retest All: the whole test cases in regression test are re-executed to make sure that there are no errors introduced as a result of change in the code. (ii) Regression Test Selection: in this method, test cases to be re-executed are selected from the test suite. (iii) Test case prioritization: Here test cases with high priority are executed first then the once with medium priority and then those with low priority. (iv) Hybrid: this is a combination of regression test selection and test case prioritization.
(f)	Acceptance Testing: this is a level of functional testing where a software application is tested for acceptability. The purpose of this test is to evaluate whether the software complies with the business requirement and whether it is acceptable for delivery. This test is performed by the customer support team, management team or customers. Acceptance testing has different types; (i) User Acceptance: testing whether the software works for the user correctly for the specified purpose. (ii) Business Acceptance: here, you test whether the software meets the business goals or not. (iii) Contract Acceptance: this is a contract which states that once the software goes live it should be tested after a pre-determined period of time and it must pass all the test cases provided in test suite, Etc.

Non-functional Testing: This is a type of testing done on a software to check the non-functional requirement such as the way the software operates, performance, usability, reliability, etc. We have sub-testing types under non-functional testing which are;
(a)	Documentation Testing: this helps takes record of testing effort required. This includes test plan, test cases and requirement section.
(b)	Installation Testing: this kind of testing involves what the users need to do in order to install and setup the new software successfully. In the cause of performing this test, you also check whether the user is able to uninstall the application and remove all the folders associated with the application without any problem.
(c)	Performance Testing: This is a type of non-functional testing carried out to ascertain the systems performance in terms of responsiveness and stability under various workload. We have four types of performance testing (i) load: this is carried out to check the behaviour of a system under a specific load. (ii) Stress: this is done to ascertain the behaviour of a system beyond the limits of its expected workload. (iii) Endurance testing: this is done to check the behaviour of a system when a particular workload is given continuously. (iv) Spike: is done by suddenly increasing the workload by a very large amount and measuring the performance of the system.
(d)	Reliability Testing: This is a kind of testing done to ensure that the software is fault free and its reliable for the purpose it was intended. Reliability testing has the following types; (i) Feature: here you make sure that each function in the software is executed at least once and ensure that interaction between unit are minimized. (ii) Regression: this is performed whenever new functionality is been added or removed so as to be sure no errors or bugs are added as a result of the change. (iii) Load: this is done to test whether the software supports the required load by getting the breaking point. In order to get the break point of a software, the load is increased continuously until the software begins to hang.   
(e)	Security Testing: this is carried out to discover the vulnerabilities of the software and make sure that the data and resources of the system are protected from possible threats. Areas to consider while performing security test; network security, system security, client security, sever security, etc. Rules for performing security testing; (i) Access the Application: this is often done implicitly while covering the functionality. This means that whether it is a desktop or mobile application, access security is implemented by rules and rights management. (ii) Data Protection: here you make sure that users can only be able to access and make use of only the data that is relevant to them, etc. (iii) Brute Force Attack: this is mostly done by some software tools. The concept is, by using a valid user ID, the software attempts to get the associated password by trying to login again and again. (iv) SQL injection: for any input field of the website, field-length should be defined small enough to restrict input of any script. Etc.  

4.	https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13DDw9QwGWU2nE7D651YmxTdh-c5Lq49s?usp=sharing

Solutions to Questions 5 - 9 are found in the link below
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11Baj9wI8QPCnzMwRIitmtygR4rwQ2hYq?usp=sharing

10.	Error Guessing Technique 

I will make guesses as below and with the guess I will develop test cases
	Does it reply to messages
	Does it auto-forward and redirect messages
	Is it able to send copies of a message to many people
	Can it automatically fill and retrieve messages
	Does it notify a user if a message cannot be delivered
	Does it automatically puts date and time to emails
	Can signatures be attached to mail
	Can files, images, videos be sent as attachments in the required formats
	Check if webmail and mobile email can be used to receive and send messages 



